Replaces databases, blog URLs and removes lgtm (#718)
github/securitylab: SecurityExploits/apple/darwin-xnu/nfs_vfsops_CVE-2018-4259/README.md

This directory contains a minimal [NFS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_File_System) server. It only implements a very small subset of the [NFS protocol](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1813.txt): just enough to trigger one of the buffer overflow vulnerabilities in the macOS XNU operating system kernel. The vulnerabilities were fixed in macOS version [10.13.6](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT208937).

> For more details about the vulnerabilities, see the [blog post](https://github.blog/category/security/cve-2018-4259-macos-nfs-vulnerability/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about the vulnerabilities, see the [blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/cve-2018-4259-macos-nfs-vulnerability/).
```
